[% SET title = 'About Us' %]

REGRETABLY, DUE TO OUR BUSY LIVES, WE HAVE NOT YET BEEN ABLE TO MEET ALL OF THE
MANY IMPORTANT PEOPLE IN EACH OTHERS LIVES. WE ARE EXCITED TO DO THIS AT THE
WEDDING, BUT FOR THOSE OF YOU STILL ASKING QUESTIONS, HERE IS A LITTLE MORE
ABOUT US

### Vic on Tomas... ###

<img width=240 height=240 alt="[Baby photo of Tomas]"
src=images/baby_Tomas.jpg>
Tall, Dark and Handsome, Tomas is Cornish to the core but you won’t be able to
tell from his accent unless he is doing an impression of his mother! He was
previously a ballet dancer and an accountant but he got bored. Now he works for
the council, trying to register areas of common land. He is very passionate
about it which I love but despite all my best efforts, I don’t really
understand any of it! It seems to involve us walking through lots of brambles
on “site visits”. Maybe you should just ask Tomas!

I met him at Truro Methodist Church during only my second week in Cornwall. We
got along straight away and he soon offered to be my tourguide but I remember
getting irritated because he kept trying to talk to me whilst I was singing! He
has been a fantastic tourguide and I have fallen in love with Cornwall and
Tomas. He is kind and thoughtful, funny, encouraging and very loving. He is
quite traditional and a true romantic at heart. I have had a near constant
supply of flowers since we met. In his spare time, he likes to tinker with old
rusty cars, drive trucks with the TA, research Cornish history and ring church
bells. I have been having a go at ringing too, when there is time between exam
revision, but it is not as easy as he makes it look. 

Tomas likes people to use my full name, so for those of you who still call me
Vic – he is likely to correct you! I like Vic - Please ignore him! All you
really need to know is that Tomas makes me very happy and I’m very excited to
see what God has in store for the next chapter of our life together.

### Tomas on Vic... ###

<img width=240 height=285 alt="[Baby photo of Vic]" src=images/baby_Vic.jpg>
Miss Victoria Nicholson (unofficially Victoria Gertrude Nicholson) is from a
land far far away.  I have always had a penchant for a foreign girl and it
seems dreams do come true – alas I digress.  Victoria comes from the shires,
West Bridgford, Nottingham to be precise, in the land they call “England”
beyond the border.

Victoria is compassionate, selfless, loving, modest, supportive and patient.
Victoria is a great testament to her family who share her attributes.  It seems
fitting that she has chosen a vocation rather than a career and is a much
admired physician.  Victoria also prefers to use the title ‘Miss’ rather than
‘Dr’.  Victoria is an amazing cook and even capable of making a great pasty.
Much more practice at making me pasties is, however, required.  She has a great
capacity to understand me despite my subtle ways.

When toiling on the land, a robin often appears to me and reminds me of
Victoria.  Enchanting, beautiful, petite, inquisitive, friendly and a soothing
sweet voice – those are but a few adjectives to describe Victoria.  

### Vic Loves... ###

Baking, Autumn trees, Catching up with friends, Charity shopping, Finishing a
good book, Snail mail, Yorkshire Tea, Birthdays, Walks on the beach,  lazy
Saturday mornings, The promise in a rainbow, Cool Runnings, Hugs, Dancing – but
mostly when no-one is watching!, Snuggling in front of a fire,  Fish finger
sandwiches – just like mum used to make, Picnics, Playing in the snow,
Rachmaninov’s 2nd piano concerto, Learning something new, The smell of freshly
baked bread, Tomas.

### Tomas Loves... ###

Stoking the fire, Restoring old gems, Cornish Pasties (real ones from actual
Cornwall!), 80’s music,  Victoria’s baking, Countryside views, Hot chocolate
with marshmallows, Fresh linen on the bed, Plotting and scheming, Tchaikovsky,
Smelling roses, Driving around in his vintage car, A new project, Bargains,
Singing whilst he has to do the chores, Downton Abbey,  Exploring mines,
Victoria. 
