[% SET title = 'We <span class=heart>♥</span> Cornwall' %]
[% SET plain_title = 'We ♥ Cornwall' %]

For those of you trekking across the border for a little holiday whilst
celebrating with us, we thought that we would share some of our favourite
places to visit in Cornwall...

### 1. St. Michael’s Mount ###

A gem in the National Trust portfolio, St. Michael’s Mount forms an island at
high tide and is just off Marazion.  The ‘castle’ can be toured and has lovely
gardens (not always open) and is well worth a visit.  There is a causeway open
if you catch the right tide times but we think that the boat is much more fun.

### 2. Crantock Beach ###

This has been Vic’s favourite beach in Cornwall since visiting it on an early
date.  It has big sand dunes and a long stretch of sand perfect for strolling
at the water’s edge.  We had a BBQ there and watched the sunset whilst chatting
for hours.  There is often lots of activity but it never feels too busy and you
can usually find a spot sheltered from the wind.  It is also where Tomas
proposed.  The dunes are quite steep and so it is not a favourite for those
who find the hike up tricky.

### 3. West Penwith including the coastal road from Cape Cornwall to St Ives ###

West Penwith is noted for its spectacular rugged scenery and light.  At the
highest points you can see both the Atlantic and the English Channel and it is
a lovely place for a walk.  Cape Cornwall witnessed our first kiss but to visit
it you might have to pass through a field of cows. They are very friendly but
Vic finds them quite unnerving.  The drive to St Ives is beautiful but very
twisting, and with frequent cyclists, so please take care.  We recommend a stop
off in Zennor where there is a great pub, The Tinners Arms, with delicious
food.

### 4. St Ives ###

St Ives is the home of Tomas’ Cornish ancestry.  It is famous for its artists
and full of galleries and gift shops, great for a day of pottering.  A car
parking space can be purchased for approximately 50,000 pounds (or hired by the
hour you’ll be relieved to hear) but Tomas always finds somewhere for
free...good luck!  Alternatively it is an easy place to visit by train.  You
could visit Tate St Ives but we prefer more traditional art and have not
actually been!  There are two main beaches and lots of cafes.

### 5. Trelissick Gardens ###

Another National Trust favourite, these gardens are close to our new home in
Playing Place. There are some lovely walks, a good second hand bookshop and a
small art gallery. They often have events on - outdoor theatre, woodland
crafts, apple picking etc so check out the website before you go.  There are
some brilliant free walks if you don’t want to go into the garden itself.

### 6. Lanhydrock ###

This is Vic’s favourite National Trust property ever.  It is a late Victorian
property and again has lovely grounds for walks.  We visited with our good
friends (and super website designer!) last spring and had a wonderful day.
They have especially good ice creams and although we did not use it I hear
there is a great adventure playground for kiddies and grownups alike.

### 7. Kynance Cove ###

Often quoted as one of the most beautiful beaches in the world, this is a
lovely picnic spot on the lizard peninsula. It is sandy with turquoise waters
but again check the tide times as it only appears fully at low tide.

### 8. Helston Railway ###

A great charity project that we support, which is restoring a local railway
line.  It is entirely run by volunteers and there is currently around 1 mile of
track which you can travel along. Unfortunately they were recently forced to
move from their lovely platform that but there is still a cafe in a railway
carriage at the temporary relocation and the atmosphere there is great.  It is
quite hard to find so ask Tomas for some directions if you fancy it.

### 9. Minack ###

A great outdoor theatre in Porthcurno, dramatically cut into the Cliffside. Vic
has been meaning to go ever since arriving in Cornwall but hasn’t yet managed
to plan a trip around her shifts. There is a cafe there to visit in the daytime
if you don’t fancy one of the performances.  Wrap up warm and bring something
  soft to sit on!

### 10. St Agnes and Chapel Porth ###

St Agnes is a lovely village that Vic has called home for the last 18 months.
There are a few gift shops, cafes/restaurants and a beach great for watching
surfers. A little further south along the coast is Chapel Porth.  This is one
of Tomas’ favourite sections of the coast where we like to go for a walk.  It
is very picturesque with a landscape of old Cornish tin mines.

### 11. The Enterprise from Truro to Falmouth ###

A fun way to travel about and explore the county.  Not the Starship enterprise
but a regular ferry link in the summer.  You can also stop at Trelissick.  For
Vic’s friends especially, Falmouth is a great place to go charity shopping.  An
alternative is to visit St Mawes by boat, a really pretty village on the
Roseland Peninsula.

### 12. Porthleven and Loe Bar ###

Porthleven is situated close to Helston and is a pretty fishing port with good
restaurants and cafes.  Between Porthleven and Helston is Loe Bar, Cornwall’s
largest natural lake created by the river Cober being ‘barred’ from the sea by
the beach.  An excellent walk, most of which is through the estate of Penrose
administered by the National Trust.
